[Music]
ribeye is a British company building
prime ribs and this is one of them this
is their latest making a world debut
here at the Sir Hampton Boat Show and it
is called the prime 941 now this is a
rather special boat because it is very
fast and of course like all the rib eyes
is totally customizable it's a
performance how it's been resin infused
by experts that have come from princess
motor yachts amongst tumblers and a key
feature is this the floating t-bar which
gives you a nice bit of shade when
you're going along and of course there's
full protection in this windscreen here
the real element of this boat though is
aft this particular model has this you
berth aft a great Sun lounging area but
the real magic happens back here with
these 2400 horsepower Mercury engines
now they can throw this boat along at 70
knots in fact she's been capped at 70
knots because the engines are
independently operating and they work
with the sky hook system to hold the
boat in exactly the right position
well the price for this sexy boat starts
and 145,000 including that sterling but
of course just like your stake you can
have it any way you like
[Music]